{\rtf1\ansi\deflang1033\ftnbj\uc1\deff0 
{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Arial;}{\f1 \fswiss \fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2 \froman \fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3 \fnil Lucida Sans;}{\f4 \fnil Calibri;}{\f5 \fnil Liberation Sans Narrow;}{\f6 \fnil Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue128 ;\red128\green0\blue0 ;\red127\green127\blue127 ;\red54\green95\blue145 ;\red79\green129\blue188 ;\red35\green62\blue95 ;\red63\green63\blue63 ;\red95\green95\blue95 ;\red47\green47\blue47 ;\red0\green64\blue128 ;\red79\green79\blue79 ;\red111\green111\blue111 ;}
{\stylesheet{\f0\fs24 Normal;}{\cs1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\cs2\i Italics;}{\cs3\b Bold;}{\cs4\b\i Bold Italics;}{\cs5\f1 Field Label;}{\cs6\f3\fs16\b\protect\cf1\cb3\chcbpat3 SSTemplateField;}{\cs7\f3\fs16\b\protect\cf2\cb4\chcbpat4 SSBookmark;}{\s8\snext0\f4\fs72\b\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl0\qr Cover Heading 1;}{\s9\snext0\f4\fs60\cf5\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl0\qr Cover Heading 2;}{\s10\snext0\f5\fs28\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl0\qr Cover Text 1;}{\s11\snext0\f5\fs20\cf6\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl0\qr Cover Text 2;}{\s12\snext0\outlinelevel0\f4\fs36\b\cf7\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel0 Heading 1;}{\s13\snext0\outlinelevel1\f4\fs32\b\cf8\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel1 Heading 2
;}{\s14\snext0\outlinelevel2\f4\fs28\b\cf8\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel2 Heading 3;}{\s15\snext0\outlinelevel3\f4\fs28\b\i\cf8\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel3 Heading 4;}{\s16\snext0\outlinelevel4\f4\fs24\b\cf9\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel4 Heading 5;}{\s17\snext0\outlinelevel5\f4\fs24\b\i\cf9\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel5 Heading 6;}{\s18\snext0\outlinelevel6\f4\fs24\b\i\cf10\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel6 Heading 7;}{\s19\snext0\outlinelevel7\f4\fs22\b\cf10\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel7 Heading 8;}{\s20\snext0\outlinelevel8\f4\fs22\b\i\cf10\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0\outlinelevel8 Heading 9;}{\s21\snext0\f4\fs32\b\sb240\sa80\sl0 TOC Heading
;}{\s22\snext0\outlinelevel0\f1\fs20\b\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li0\ri720\sb120\sa40\sl0\outlinelevel0 TOC 1;}{\s23\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li180\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 2;}{\s24\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li360\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 3;}{\s25\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li540\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 4;}{\s26\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li720\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 5;}{\s27\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li900\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 6;}{\s28\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li1080\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 7;}{\s29\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li1260\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 8;}{\s30\snext0\f1\fs20\tqr\tldot\tx8280\fi0\li1440\ri720\sb40\sa20\sl0 TOC 9
;}{\s31\snext0\f1\fs16\tqr\tx9720 Header;}{\s32\snext0\f1\fs16\qc Footer;}{\s33\snext0\f1\fs20\cf11\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl0\qr Properties;}{\s34\snext0\f1\fs20 Notes;}{\s35\snext0\f1\qc Diagram Image;}{\s36\snext0\f1\fs16\qc Diagram Label;}{\s37\snext0\f1\fs16 Table Label;}{\s38\snext0\f1\fs18\b\fi0\li90\ri90\sb80\sa40\sl0 Table Heading;}{\s39\snext0\f1\fs22\b\fi0\li270\ri270\sb0\sa0\sl0 Table Title 0;}{\s40\snext0\f1\fs18\b\ul\fi0\li180\ri270\sb80\sa80\sl0 Table Title 1;}{\s41\snext0\f1\fs18\ul\fi0\li270\ri270\sb0\sa120\sl0 Table Title 2;}{\s42\snext0\f1\fs18\fi0\li270\ri270\sb20\sa20\sl0 Table Text Normal;}{\s43\snext0\f1\fs18\cf12\fi0\li270\ri270\sb20\sa20\sl0 Table Text Light
;}{\s44\snext0\f1\fs18\b\fi0\li270\ri270\sb20\sa20\sl0 Table Text Bold;}{\s45\snext0\f4\fs20\b\cf13\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl0\qr Cover Text 3;}{\s46\snext0\f4\fs20\b\i\cf10\fi0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa80\sl0 Title Small;}{\s47\snext0\f6\fs16\fi0\li90\ri90\sb0\sa0\sl0 Table Text Code;}{\cs48\f6 Code;}{\s49\snext0\f1\fs20 Items;}{\s50\snext0\f1\fs18\b\cf14\fi0\li90\ri90\sb80\sa40\sl0 Table Heading Light;}{\cs51\f1\cf15 Table Field Label;}{\cs52\caps All Caps;}}
{\*\revtbl{Unknown;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1080\margr1080\margt720\margb720\headery720\footery720\nogrowautofit\deftab720\formshade\nofeaturethrottle1\dntblnsbdb\fet4\aendnotes\aftnnrlc\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot 
\sectd\pgwsxn11902\pghsxn16835\guttersxn0\marglsxn1080\margrsxn1080\margtsxn720\margbsxn720\headery720\footery720\sbkpage\pgncont\pgndec 
\plain\plain\f0\fs24\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs20 |===\par 
|Editing instructions:\par 
| 1) Sort the entries by stereotype\par 
|     a) TopLevelFeatureType\par 
|     b) FeatureType\par 
|     c) Object\par 
|     d) DataType\par 
|     e) Primitive Data Types\par 
|     f) Unions\par 
|     g) enumerations\par 
|     h) Codelists\par 
| 2) If there are a large number of entries, distribute the entries into the empty tables below based on the stereotype\par 
| 3) Delete any empty tables.\par 
| 4) Delete these instructions\par 
|===\plain\f1\fs20\lang3081\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs20\par 
\plain\f2\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs24\par 
\ql\plain\f0\fs24{\*\bkmkstart DYNAMIZER}{\*\bkmkstart BKM_15C00628_ED51_4A92_8216_10ADF1613D98}\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 [[Dynamizer-class-table]]\par 
.Classes used in Dynamizer\par 
[cols="2,6",options="headers"]\par 
|===\par 
^|*Class* ^|*Description*\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_3BCEAE64_F977_46B5_A08C_A29D52216B04}|<<AbstractAtomicTimeseries-section,AbstractAtomicTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |AbstractAtomicTimeseries represents the attributes and relationships that are common to all kinds of atomic timeseries (GenericTimeseries, TabulatedFileTimeseries, StandardFileTimeseries). An atomic timeseries represents time-varying data of 
a specific data type for a single contiguous time interval.{\*\bkmkend BKM_3BCEAE64_F977_46B5_A08C_A29D52216B04}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_C92B844A_C582_4644_8991_61AB0610C8E3}|<<AbstractTimeseries-section,AbstractTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |AbstractTimeseries is the abstract superclass representing any type of timeseries data.{\*\bkmkend BKM_C92B844A_C582_4644_8991_61AB0610C8E3}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_29876515_22A7_4B7F_8F83_4F16D87F3025}|<<AuthenticationTypeValue-section,AuthenticationTypeValue>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 CodeList\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |AuthenticationTypeValue is a code list used to specify the authentication method to be used to access the referenced sensor service. Each value shall provide enough information such that a software application could determine the required access 
credentials.{\*\bkmkend BKM_29876515_22A7_4B7F_8F83_4F16D87F3025}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_DE7B3315_7E78_4D50_A7A5_80F520716EDC}|<<CompositeTimeseries-section,CompositeTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A CompositeTimeseries is a (possibly recursive) aggregation of atomic and composite timeseries. The components of a composite timeseries must have non-overlapping time intervals.{\*\bkmkend BKM_DE7B3315_7E78_4D50_A7A5_80F520716EDC}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_BD4BEEEE_BBD5_4B33_9CF9_4A2ABA430756}|<<Dynamizer-section,Dynamizer>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A Dynamizer is an object that injects timeseries data for an individual attribute of the city object in which it is included. The timeseries data overrides the static value of the referenced city object attribute in order to represent dynamic, 
i.e. time-dependent, variations of its value.{\*\bkmkend BKM_BD4BEEEE_BBD5_4B33_9CF9_4A2ABA430756}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_CDE3D132_C627_4FDD_A6BD_6B6C1555E878}|<<GenericTimeseries-section,GenericTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A GenericTimeseries represents time-varying data in the form of embedded time-value-pairs of a specific data type for a single contiguous time interval.{\*\bkmkend BKM_CDE3D132_C627_4FDD_A6BD_6B6C1555E878}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_8C1FCCE9_A408_4B86_A5D7_532F28277ACE}|<<SensorConnectionTypeValue-section,SensorConnectionTypeValue>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 CodeList\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |SensorConnectionTypeValue is a code list used to specify the type of the referenced sensor service. Each value shall provide enough information such that a software application would be able to identify the API type and version.{\*\bkmkend BKM_8C1FCCE9_A408_4B86_A5D7_532F28277ACE}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_FDF538F9_ECA6_43B2_9EFA_8AFAAA95AB62}|<<StandardFileTimeseries-section,StandardFileTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A StandardFileTimeseries represents time-varying data for a single contiguous time interval. The data is provided in an external file referenced in the StandardFileTimeseries. The data within the external file shall be encoded according to 
a dedicated format for the representation of timeseries data, for example, the OGC TimeseriesML or OGC Observations & Measurements standard. The data type of the data has to be specified within the external file.{\*\bkmkend BKM_FDF538F9_ECA6_43B2_9EFA_8AFAAA95AB62}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_BE99CC5F_DEFB_459F_BE53_B8F12C8B8149}|<<StandardFileTypeValue-section,StandardFileTypeValue>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 CodeList\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |StandardFileTypeValue is a code list used to specify the type of the referenced external timeseries data file. Each value shall provide information about the standard and version.{\*\bkmkend BKM_BE99CC5F_DEFB_459F_BE53_B8F12C8B8149}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_1AA08CC8_682B_4697_830B_C3E10EC012D9}|<<TabulatedFileTimeseries-section,TabulatedFileTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 FeatureType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A TabulatedFileTimeseries represents time-varying data of a specific data type for a single contiguous time interval. The data is provided in an external file referenced in the TabulatedFileTimeseries. The file shall contain table structured 
data using an appropriate file format like comma-separated values (CSV), Microsoft Excel (XLSX) or Google Spreadsheet. The timestamps and the values are given in specific columns of the table. Each row represents a single time-value-pair. A subset of rows can be selected using the idColumn and idValue attributes.{\*\bkmkend BKM_1AA08CC8_682B_4697_830B_C3E10EC012D9}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_18357CC9_C00A_410A_9043_E05BEA22B6A7}|<<TabulatedFileTypeValue-section,TabulatedFileTypeValue>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 CodeList\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |TabulatedFileTypeValue is a code list used to specify the data format of the referenced external tabulated data file.{\*\bkmkend BKM_18357CC9_C00A_410A_9043_E05BEA22B6A7}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_1D8715F2_4E4A_4F36_A414_1326B6DC1EDD}|<<ADEOfAbstractAtomicTimeseries-section,ADEOfAbstractAtomicTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfAbstractAtomicTimeseries acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to AbstractAtomicTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_1D8715F2_4E4A_4F36_A414_1326B6DC1EDD}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_1F4FA76D_0945_46F0_B222_3C4E92196351}|<<ADEOfAbstractTimeseries-section,ADEOfAbstractTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfAbstractTimeseries acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to AbstractTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_1F4FA76D_0945_46F0_B222_3C4E92196351}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_0DBF7AD4_080D_4238_9949_1CDB34142A59}|<<ADEOfCompositeTimeseries-section,ADEOfCompositeTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfCompositeTimeseries acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to a CompositeTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_0DBF7AD4_080D_4238_9949_1CDB34142A59}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_6AE198DA_9848_4E6C_B17E_C1004F90782A}|<<ADEOfDynamizer-section,ADEOfDynamizer>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfDynamizer acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to a Dynamizer.{\*\bkmkend BKM_6AE198DA_9848_4E6C_B17E_C1004F90782A}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_561520A7_886A_4F79_852A_FC1DFD122B66}|<<ADEOfGenericTimeseries-section,ADEOfGenericTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfGenericTimeseries acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to a GenericTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_561520A7_886A_4F79_852A_FC1DFD122B66}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_021B99FF_A404_4C54_B785_600CA37348C1}|<<ADEOfStandardFileTimeseries-section,ADEOfStandardFileTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfStandardFileTimeseries acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to a StandardFileTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_021B99FF_A404_4C54_B785_600CA37348C1}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_A197050C_E2CB_4D86_B69E_5B5E96E37FDE}|<<ADEOfTabulatedFileTimeseries-section,ADEOfTabulatedFileTimeseries>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |ADEOfTabulatedFileTimeseries acts as a hook to define properties within an ADE that are to be added to a TabulatedFileTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_A197050C_E2CB_4D86_B69E_5B5E96E37FDE}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_084E218B_32C6_41F2_A710_ADA8A5A8462C}|<<SensorConnection-section,SensorConnection>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A SensorConnection provides all details that are required to retrieve a specific datastream from an external sensor web service. It comprises the service type (e.g. OGC SensorThings API, OGC Sensor Observation Services, MQTT, proprietary platforms), 
the URL of the sensor service, the identifier for the sensor or thing, and its observed property as well as information about the required authentication method.{\*\bkmkend BKM_084E218B_32C6_41F2_A710_ADA8A5A8462C}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_8E506B76_0A77_4672_A50B_B82A9AF2A416}|<<TimeseriesComponent-section,TimeseriesComponent>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |TimeseriesComponent represents an element of a CompositeTimeseries.{\*\bkmkend BKM_8E506B76_0A77_4672_A50B_B82A9AF2A416}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_20B7542F_5EE7_44C6_8AC5_055508241A3B}|<<TimeseriesTypeValue-section,TimeseriesTypeValue>> +\par 
   |TimeseriesTypeValue enumerates the possible value types for GenericTimeseries and TimeValuePair.{\*\bkmkend BKM_20B7542F_5EE7_44C6_8AC5_055508241A3B}\par 
{\*\bkmkstart BKM_2ECE65B5_3620_4C27_B3A9_2D705C545692}|<<TimeValuePair-section,TimeValuePair>> +\par 
 \plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u171 \'ab\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20 DataType\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20\u187 \'bb\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\cf2\fs20   |A TimeValuePair represents a value that is valid for a given timepoint. For each TimeValuePair, only one of the value properties can be used mutually exclusive. Which value property has to be provided depends on the selected value type in the 
GenericTimeSeries feature, in which the TimeValuePair is included.{\*\bkmkend BKM_2ECE65B5_3620_4C27_B3A9_2D705C545692}\par 
|===\par 
\par 
[[Dynamizer-datatypes-table]]\par 
.Data Types used in Dynamizer\par 
[cols="2,6",options="headers"]\par 
|===\par 
^|*Name* ^|*Description*\par 
|===\par 
\par 
[[Dynamizer-primitives-table]]\par 
.Primitive Data Types used in Dynamizer\par 
[cols="2,6",options="headers"]\par 
|===\par 
^|*Name* ^|*Description*\par 
|===\par 
\par 
[[Dynamizer-unions-table]]\par 
.Union types used in Dynamizer\par 
[cols="2,6",options="headers"]\par 
|===\par 
^|*Name* ^|*Description*\par 
|===\par 
\par 
[[Dynamizer-enumeration-table]]\par 
.Enumerated Classes used in Dynamizer\par 
[cols="2,6",options="headers"]\par 
|===\par 
^|*Name* ^|*Description*\par 
|===\par 
\par 
[[Dynamizer-codelist-table]]\par 
.CodeList Classes used in Dynamizer\par 
[cols="2,6",options="headers"]\par 
|===\par 
^|*Name* ^|*Description*\par 
|===  {\*\bkmkend DYNAMIZER}{\*\bkmkend BKM_15C00628_ED51_4A92_8216_10ADF1613D98}\par 
\plain\f1\fs20\lang3081\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs20\par 
\par 
\plain\f0\fs24\par 
}
